README.md, before:

# Copilot-One-Word.vim
This is a fork of the Neovim plugin for GitHub Copilot with the added feature of being able to add a single word at a time by pressing the shift and tab keys together.

## Getting started

1.  Install [Neovim][] or the latest patch of [Vim][] (9.0.0185 or newer).

2.  Install [Node.js][] version 16.  (Other versions should work too, except
    Node 18 which isn't supported yet.)

3.  Install `github/copilot.vim` using vim-plug, packer.nvim, or any other
    plugin manager.  Or to install manually, run one of the following
    commands:

    * Vim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.vim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    * Neovim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.config/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    * Vim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/vimfiles/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    * Neovim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/AppData/Local/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

4.  Start Neovim and invoke `:Copilot setup`.

[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
[Neovim]: https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/latest
[Vim]: https://github.com/vim/vim

Suggestions are displayed inline and can be accepted by pressing the tab key.
See `:help copilot` for more information.

# Copilot.vim

GitHub Copilot uses OpenAI Codex to suggest code and entire functions in
real-time right from your editor.  Trained on billions of lines of public
code, GitHub Copilot turns natural language prompts including comments and
method names into coding suggestions across dozens of languages.

Copilot.vim is a Vim/Neovim plugin for GitHub Copilot.

To learn more, visit
[github.com/features/copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot).

## Subscription

GitHub Copilot requires a subscription.  It is free for verified students and
maintainers of popular open source projects on GitHub.

GitHub Copilot is subject to the [GitHub Additional Product
Terms](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-for-additional-products-and-features).

## Getting started

1.  Install [Neovim][] or the latest patch of [Vim][] (9.0.0185 or newer).

2.  Install [Node.js][] version 16.  (Other versions should work too, except
    Node 18 which isn't supported yet.)

3.  Install `github/copilot.vim` using vim-plug, packer.nvim, or any other
    plugin manager.  Or to install manually, run one of the following
    commands:

    * Vim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.vim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    * Neovim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.config/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    * Vim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/vimfiles/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    * Neovim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/AppData/Local/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

4.  Start Neovim and invoke `:Copilot setup`.

[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
[Neovim]: https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/latest
[Vim]: https://github.com/vim/vim

Suggestions are displayed inline and can be accepted by pressing the tab key.
See `:help copilot` for more information.

## Troubleshooting

We’d love to get your help in making GitHub Copilot better!  If you have
feedback or encounter any problems, please reach out on our [Feedback
forum](https://github.com/github-community/community/discussions/categories/copilot).

Commit message:

Single character, shortcuts in init.vim

README.md, after:

# m4ttm/copilot.vim

This is a fork of the Neovim plugin for GitHub Copilot with the added feature of being able to add a single word or letter at a time. Map to your desired shortcuts with the copilot#AcceptWord and copilot#AcceptCharacter functions in your init.vim

## Getting started

1.  Install [Neovim][] or the latest patch of [Vim][] (9.0.0185 or newer).

2.  Install [Node.js][] version 16. (Other versions should work too, except
    Node 18 which isn't supported yet.)

3.  Install `github/copilot.vim` using vim-plug, packer.nvim, or any other
    plugin manager. Or to install manually, run one of the following
    commands:

    - Vim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.vim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    - Neovim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.config/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    - Vim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/vimfiles/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    - Neovim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/m4ttm/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/AppData/Local/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

4.  Start Neovim and invoke `:Copilot setup`.

[node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
[neovim]: https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/latest
[vim]: https://github.com/vim/vim

Suggestions are displayed inline and can be accepted by pressing the tab key.
See `:help copilot` for more information.

# Copilot.vim

GitHub Copilot uses OpenAI Codex to suggest code and entire functions in
real-time right from your editor. Trained on billions of lines of public
code, GitHub Copilot turns natural language prompts including comments and
method names into coding suggestions across dozens of languages.

Copilot.vim is a Vim/Neovim plugin for GitHub Copilot.

To learn more, visit
[github.com/features/copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot).

## Subscription

GitHub Copilot requires a subscription. It is free for verified students and
maintainers of popular open source projects on GitHub.

GitHub Copilot is subject to the [GitHub Additional Product
Terms](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-for-additional-products-and-features).

## Getting started

1.  Install [Neovim][] or the latest patch of [Vim][] (9.0.0185 or newer).

2.  Install [Node.js][] version 16. (Other versions should work too, except
    Node 18 which isn't supported yet.)

3.  Install `github/copilot.vim` using vim-plug, packer.nvim, or any other
    plugin manager. Or to install manually, run one of the following
    commands:

    - Vim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.vim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    - Neovim, Linux/macOS:

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git \
            ~/.config/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    - Vim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/vimfiles/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

    - Neovim, Windows (PowerShell command):

          git clone https://github.com/github/copilot.vim.git `
            $HOME/AppData/Local/nvim/pack/github/start/copilot.vim

4.  Start Neovim and invoke `:Copilot setup`.

[node.js]: https://nodejs.org/en/download/
[neovim]: https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/latest
[vim]: https://github.com/vim/vim

Suggestions are displayed inline and can be accepted by pressing the tab key.
See `:help copilot` for more information.

## Troubleshooting

We’d love to get your help in making GitHub Copilot better! If you have
feedback or encounter any problems, please reach out on our [Feedback
forum](https://github.com/github-community/community/discussions/categories/copilot).
